apps/coretimer/coretimer_periodic_timeout/readme.md, before:

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# CORETIMER periodic interrupt

This example application shows how to use the CoreTimer to generate periodic interrupts.

## Description

This example application configures the CoreTimer Peripheral Library to generate periodic interrupts. The application registers a periodic timeout callback. It toggles an LED every time the callback is triggered.

## Downloading and building the application

To download or clone this application from Github, go to the [top level of the repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and click

![clone](../../../docs/images/clone.png)

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/coretimer/coretimer_periodic_timeout/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Build and program the application project using its IDE
2. LED Blinks continuosly

The following table provides the details of LED:

| Board | LED name |
| ----- | -------- |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008) | LED1 |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010) | LED1 |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) | LED1 |
|||

Commit message:

[DOC] Add offline documentation for PIC32MZ DA family
MH3-43948

apps/coretimer/coretimer_periodic_timeout/readme.md, after:

---
parent: Harmony 3 peripheral library application examples for PIC32MZ DA family
title: CORETIMER periodic interrupt 
has_children: false
has_toc: false
---

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# CORETIMER periodic interrupt

This example application shows how to use the CoreTimer to generate periodic interrupts.

## Description

This example application configures the CoreTimer Peripheral Library to generate periodic interrupts. The application registers a periodic timeout callback. It toggles an LED every time the callback is triggered.

## Downloading and building the application

To clone or download this application from Github, go to the [main page of this repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and then click **Clone** button to clone this repository or download as zip file.
This content can also be downloaded using content manager by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/contentmanager/wiki).

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/coretimer/coretimer_periodic_timeout/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Build and program the application project using its IDE
2. LED Blinks continuosly

The following table provides the details of LED:

| Board | LED name |
| ----- | -------- |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008) | LED1 |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010) | LED1 |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) | LED1 |
|||
