apps/dmac/dmac_memory_transfer/readme.md, before:

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# DMAC memory transfer

This example application demonstrates how to use the DMAC peripheral to do a memory to memory transfer.

## Description

The application uses a software trigger to initiate a memory-memory transfer from the source buffer to the destination buffer with 16-bit beat size and 32-bit beat size. Transfer status is reported on console.

## Downloading and building the application

To download or clone this application from Github, go to the [top level of the repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and click

![clone](../../../docs/images/clone.png)

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/dmac/dmac_memory_transfer/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the "USB to UART" COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application project using its IDE
4. Following message is output on console:

   ![output](images/output_dmac_memory_transfer.png)

5. The LED indicates the success or failure:
   - The LED is turned ON when the DMAC memory transfer is successful

Following table provides LED names:

| Board | LED name |
| ----- | -------- |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) | LED1 |
|||

Commit message:

[DOC] Add offline documentation for PIC32MZ DA family
MH3-43948

apps/dmac/dmac_memory_transfer/readme.md, after:

---
parent: Harmony 3 peripheral library application examples for PIC32MZ DA family
title: DMAC memory transfer 
has_children: false
has_toc: false
---

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# DMAC memory transfer

This example application demonstrates how to use the DMAC peripheral to do a memory to memory transfer.

## Description

The application uses a software trigger to initiate a memory-memory transfer from the source buffer to the destination buffer with 16-bit beat size and 32-bit beat size. Transfer status is reported on console.

## Downloading and building the application

To clone or download this application from Github, go to the [main page of this repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and then click **Clone** button to clone this repository or download as zip file.
This content can also be downloaded using content manager by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/contentmanager/wiki).

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/dmac/dmac_memory_transfer/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the "USB to UART" COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application project using its IDE
4. Following message is output on console:

   ![output](images/output_dmac_memory_transfer.png)

5. The LED indicates the success or failure:
   - The LED is turned ON when the DMAC memory transfer is successful

Following table provides LED names:

| Board | LED name |
| ----- | -------- |
| [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) | LED1 |
|||
