apps/uart/uart_ring_buffer_interrupt/readme.md, before:

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# UART ring buffer

This example application demonstrates how to use the UART peripheral in ring buffer mode.

## Description

This example demonstrates read and write over UART using the ring buffer mode. The UART is configured in non-blocking mode (interrupts enabled). The example asks the user to enter 10 characters. Once received, the characters are echoed back. In the process, the example demonstrates various ring buffer APIs.

## Downloading and building the application

To download or clone this application from Github, go to the [top level of the repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and click

![clone](../../../docs/images/clone.png)

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/uart/uart_ring_buffer_interrupt/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the EDBG Virtual COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application using its IDE
4. The console displays the following message

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_1.png)

    - Console displays the initial transmit and receive buffer sizes
    - It then adds 10 characters - "0123456789" to the transmit buffer and displays the available free space in the transmit buffer after the 10 characters have been added
    - The message asks the user to enter 10 characters
    - *NOTE: For this example, the "Free Space in Transmit Buffer = xx", where xx can be anything between 117 to 127, depending on the USART baud rate and the CPU execution speed*

5. Enter 10 characters on the terminal
6. Entered characters are echoed back on the console and message is displayed indicating that the receive notification is turned on

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_2.png)

7. For every 10 characters typed, it will be echoed back on the console

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_3.png)

Commit message:

[DOC] Add offline documentation for PIC32MZ DA family
MH3-43948

apps/uart/uart_ring_buffer_interrupt/readme.md, after:

---
parent: Harmony 3 peripheral library application examples for PIC32MZ DA family
title: UART ring buffer 
has_children: false
has_toc: false
---

[![MCHP](https://www.microchip.com/ResourcePackages/Microchip/assets/dist/images/logo.png)](https://www.microchip.com)

# UART ring buffer

This example application demonstrates how to use the UART peripheral in ring buffer mode.

## Description

This example demonstrates read and write over UART using the ring buffer mode. The UART is configured in non-blocking mode (interrupts enabled). The example asks the user to enter 10 characters. Once received, the characters are echoed back. In the process, the example demonstrates various ring buffer APIs.

## Downloading and building the application

To clone or download this application from Github, go to the [main page of this repository](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/csp_apps_pic32mz_da) and then click **Clone** button to clone this repository or download as zip file.
This content can also be downloaded using content manager by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Microchip-MPLAB-Harmony/contentmanager/wiki).

Path of the application within the repository is **apps/uart/uart_ring_buffer_interrupt/firmware** .

To build the application, refer to the following table and open the project using its IDE.

| Project Name      | Description                                    |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | MPLABX project for [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

## Setting up the hardware

The following table shows the target hardware for the application projects.

| Project Name| Board|
|:---------|:---------:|
| pic32mz_daa_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)    |
| pic32mz_dag_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)     |
| pic32mz_das_sk.X | [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C) |
|||

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with External DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320008)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/PartNO/DM320010)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

### Setting up [PIC32MZ Embedded Graphics with Stacked DRAM (DA) Starter Kit (Crypto)](https://www.microchip.com/DevelopmentTools/ProductDetails/DM320010-C)

- Connect the Debug USB port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable
- Connect the USB to UART port on the board to the computer using a micro USB cable

## Running the Application

1. Open the Terminal application (Ex.:Tera term) on the computer
2. Connect to the EDBG Virtual COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:
    - Baud : 115200
    - Data : 8 Bits
    - Parity : None
    - Stop : 1 Bit
    - Flow Control : None
3. Build and Program the application using its IDE
4. The console displays the following message

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_1.png)

    - Console displays the initial transmit and receive buffer sizes
    - It then adds 10 characters - "0123456789" to the transmit buffer and displays the available free space in the transmit buffer after the 10 characters have been added
    - The message asks the user to enter 10 characters
    - *NOTE: For this example, the "Free Space in Transmit Buffer = xx", where xx can be anything between 117 to 127, depending on the USART baud rate and the CPU execution speed*

5. Enter 10 characters on the terminal
6. Entered characters are echoed back on the console and message is displayed indicating that the receive notification is turned on

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_2.png)

7. For every 10 characters typed, it will be echoed back on the console

    ![output](images/output_uart_ring_buffer_interrupt_3.png)
